Icons: fix docIssues (#5077)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/60 Themes and Styles/30 Icons/10 Built-In Icon Library.md

The following icons are available:

<div class="simulator-desktop-container" data-view="/Content/Applications/22_2/Icons/markup.html, /Content/Applications/22_2/Icons/script.js, /Content/Applications/22_2/Icons/styles.css"></div>

> You can find source icons on DevExtreme GitHub:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find source icons in DevExtreme's GitHub repository:
```
